date 4/98
by: not telling you!
subject: phear me!
shouts to: 303 you own me! Heh Defcon 98 watch out.

Ok wanna get back at someone that really pissed you off?
Or do you just want to have info on someone, just in case?
Heres a quick way. But you must have some info on them to
be able to pull this off. I tried this 2xs and it worked
both times like a charm. If you know the persons First name
and even where they work you can easily get their Last name
by calling their work. Here's what I used.. "Hi I'm calling 
for my Grandma, (giggle and say shes a tad crazy) she was in
here (where ever it is they work) and she got such great
service from "so and so" and she wanted to send a thank you
card to them. She doesnt know the last name so I told her I
would call and see if I could find out for my sweet grandma."
(then go on about how little time she has left and how you
just want her to be happy blah blah) Both times I used this
they said "Oh how sweet of her" and gave me the last name 
quicker then Bill Clinton could jump a white house aide.
Both even offered the business address (which if you didnt
already search online for it, it could come in handy) I just told 
them "Oh, no thanks I have that already. We come here alot."
From there you need to do just a little more online searching
in the right places,(you need to do some of the work, so I will
leave this for you to figure out) and Blam you have info like crazy.
One thing you need to remember is; It pays to remember
every bit of info someone has given you, some simple thing
I remembered from 2 years ago helped me find the business
of one of the 2 I got info on. His statement about his work
being located by a big Union office did it. (this was mentioned
during some big union strike at the time)I knew that person
worked in a resturant, so all I did was search out Union Offices
and then did resturants and bingo, found one on the same
street. You can even do a search like that if its in the near
vicinity. (Map) use it like it was meant to be used. It helps if
you have been to that city some, you come to know streets and
that gives you a starting point. Oh yeah and have a fake email
handy, one of those usa.net ones work great. Some of the online
search places use an ip check also so if you have a shell thats
"borrowed" use that. Well one last bit of info, you never know
who is checking you out, some where, some place, someone will
come up to you and say..."smile I have your info". Be cool 
don't spread it on the net. 
*This was for my own personal reasons, I will never share what
I have in my hands with anyone*