Writer: pHreaKie
Subject: Bedroom Golf
Date: 2/5/98
Section: Misc

 Rules for Playing Bedroom Golf 

 1. The player will furnish his own equipment for play, normally one
    club, and two balls. 
 
 2. Owner of the course must approve equipment before play may begin. 

 3. Unlike regular golf, the object of the game is to get the club into the
    hole, while keeping the balls out. 

 4. For most effective play, the club should have a firm shaft. The
    course owner may check the stiffness of the shaft before
    allowing play to commence. 

 5. Course owner reserves the right to restrict the shaft length, so as to
    avoid damage to the course. 

 6. The object of the game is to take as many strokes as possible,
    until the course owner is satisfied. 

 7. Players are cautioned to play the correct hole, as indicated by
    the course owner. 

 8. It is considered bad form to begin playing the hole immediately
    upon arriving at the course. Experienced players will admire
    the course, paying special attention to the well formed bunkers. 

 9. Players are cautioned not to mention other courses they have
    played or are currently playing to the owner of the course being
    played. Upset course owners have been known to damage players
    equipment for this reason. 

 10. Players should not assume a course is in shape for play at all
     times. Some players may be embarrassed if they find the course
     to be temporarily under repair. Players are advised to be
     extremely tactful in this situation. Most advanced players find
     alternate means of play when this is the case. 

 11. It is considered outstanding form to play the hole several times
     in one match. 

 12. Course owners shall be the judge of who is the best player. 

 13. It is considered bad form to reveal your score to other players,
     or even that you have played the course. 

 14. Players are encouraged to bring proper rain gear for their
     own protection. 

 15. Players should assure themselves that their match has
     been properly scheduled; particularly when a new course is
     being played for the first time. Previous players have been known
     to become irate if they discover someone else playing on what they
     consider to be a private course. 

 16. Players are advised to obtain course owner's permission before
     attempting to play the back nine. 

 17. Slow play is encouraged. However, players should be
     prepared to proceed at a quicker pace, at least temporarily, at the
     owners request. 