					Does The US Control Too Much?
					By: Uvula



	Maybe.
	Maybe Not.
	Some Say No.
	Some Say Yes.
	Some Don't Care.
	
	I'm not one to change the way our country works.
For one thing, im 15 and wouldn't have much of a influence
when it came to the 'real' desicion. Sure, if i made enough
comotion, i could probly get to say something, but it ain't
likely. But, hey, I HAVE A OPINION. I Hope everyone here
has a opinion, hey, write a article for Rev about your opinion :)
	When the net act was passed i really didnt' think too much about
it. I knew that i didn't like it is one thing. Everytime something
is created, in this case, The Internet, they jump in and find
away to sue and put people into jail that abuse it. And always
find a nice and friendly of regulating it in one way or another.
Sux don't it. I have always wished that the internet were
free territory. That if a crime was commited. it wasn't held against
you. It makes a strong point. And a lot of people would have
many many arguments over that opinion right there, that i just
stated. I might not have many come-backs, but it just want
a place were we can't get hurt, were we can be bad, and the
strong survive. What a more perfect place than the internet and
what a more perfect setting. If only we didn't have a power happy
governmet. Then we would be free to do as we pleased and not be
hurt. And the 'thugs would thrive' and the new would learn, and the old
would be respected and the middle would continue to learn. If only it
were that way today. I feel that most of the time things are ok.
But not all the time. I think the us is a great country and wouldn't
want to live anywhere else, but it is possible that they can do too
much to 'help us.' And that is what i'm talking about. The us makes
good descions, in time of war, in time of dispare, in times of low and
in times of high they survive. But!, i want to have a free net :)
OH well. it isn't that easy to judge the government, and i probly
shouldn't but, it is just my opinion :)
	My opinion is quite twisted, it has loop holes and has many
things that change when other things change. It is something
that many may not understand. I think a lot like: no one else does.
But, u may feel the same and u may relate the the feelings i have.
All im tring to say is stand up for what u beleive to be true,
and have an opinion and share that opinion. Don't let others
decide what you should think or not think, u have a brain, a heart
a soul and a right to think and feel what u like, wheater it is bad
or not.(just don't act on the bad one :P)