					The Come And Go Fads Of The Scene
						By:uvula




In the beginning it was all public. The strugle to get the most
people in your channel. WOopiE i got 10, shit, they got 137. 
Well,time to mass invite. It wasn't really about warez then, 
well, may beafter you got the biggest number of people then it 
started to be about the warez. At the same time, and afterward, 
the fservers came along.Something that made the irc trading of
warez boom. It was a miricle, they could trade when they weren't 
even around. They were quite annoying. Joining a channel and 
having about 15 messages and/or notices pop up in bright orange 
colors. Thought. they were a very very big point in the history 
of irc trading. Now days there isn't that much fservering going on. 
Most fservers i have seen have been on Newnet. There are still 
some, but in most big channels that aren't in need of something 
like that, they aren't around. Then, xdcc's started popping up. 
A way of displaying all the things being offered in the channel 
or in private notices. They were then taken by ctcp or msg commands 
and numbers representing the thing to be sent. These are still quite 
popular. Two groups that have much expericen in these are FBW and 
Addiction. They are quite good at it, too. Then, to many people's 
demise, fservers went away. FTP's, started to leave too. thought 
not as much as the fservers. Xdcc's started to boom. The public 
people, the ones that aren't in groups or are just there to annoy 
and get stuff started to loose there resources. Sure they stil had 
xdcc but it wasn't that much that was offered. And it was up to those 
who had the shells to decide what to put on them. Today, Xdccs are 
real popular(for public channels), Fservers, well you have to look
a little bit to find them, they are there, but to find a good one, 
you really have to look. Then the net act was passed. A lot of public 
channels closed up shop. Many started to do it more than they ever 
did, to try and rub it in to the governments noses. (i wouldn't try that) 
Most groups became private or went away. It did scare quite a few people. 
I'm sure that all these fads will come and go as our 'society of 'warez'rz'' 
grow or decline. Just watch, im telling you. It will change one of 
these days...And the cycle goes on...and on and on...