					Today's Kids In Our [computer] Society
					By: Uvula



	The kids of todays society are quite computer literate.
I must elaborate on the fact that a lot know more than there
parents and don't use computer but at school and/or friends
homes. I know people my age(15)or around 15, that have there
own companys. I amagine the majority of the nations teens 
even have there own web pages. Thought, most are porn 
(probly not :P), but, anyways, it seems that the parents, 
the baby-boomers, are just not right. My mom can barley use
a mouse, yet alone, use ftp :). 
	It must be down-right embarrasing for those adults.
I wouldn't know, and I dont' think that they let it show
very much, that is if they even care. My mom has to yell
at me every time she uses the computer. Something quite simple.
But she has never used one before, so i can't blame her. But 
still, it is pretty bad when u can't use a mouse(no offence mom
or anyone else :P) But, if societies role-models are going to
be computer-literate, they better hurry up, because us kids(some
of us)are gonna be in your shoes some day and be making decisions
that will effect you. Think about it for a minute or two or three.
IF "we, the computer literate" people are going to be in-charge,
I seriously dought that the desicions we make are going to be based
on farming and if the kids toys are not educational. I dought the
industry as a hole are going to shovel out too many wooden horses
for x-mas. Or toy trucks. OF COURSE they will be there, but will
the be the hot thing on the shelf. Will the be on the news as the 
hot new toy to have? And i certainly amainge they won't be 'over
advertised'. You see what im getting at? We are going to be making
desicions based on bauds and bytes and GFlops and just plain o'l 
computers in general.
Let me give an example. 
Farmer Joe, "God-Damn't, how'z does i werkz deez
o'll mouse'ee'ma'bobber ting. I gotz ta get me field Ferteelized by 
tomarrow, and deez piece of shit congress meen are mak'n me Use da
cumputer ta da soil sampl'n sheet. Damn them allll!!"

Understand what im getting out? Yes. computers are the tomarrow and the
future(same thing) and the present. Think about this for a minute. When was
eletricity able to be used? 1920? earlier(not sure) that is only 80 years the
way i see it. Computers in the next 80 years are going to be so big...
After changing 2 ton computer rooms into pC's is remarkable for 80 years...
Thought it is about more than that, it is about the changing economy,
the sweat shops! :) (not really) it is about production, and it is about
economic growth and the prosperity that our nation and world have achieved
sence the dawn of eletricity, and will continue to grow. So move over u
illiterate people and take a class, cause u will be on the street if u don't!

