subject: History of Valentines Day and of Cupid
by: STAR
date : 2/12/98
greets: to everyone young and old, may you forever feel love. It heals the soul
        and feeds the heart. Be my Valentine? Ahh Amore. 


Romans celebrated on February 15th the feast of Lupercalia. This spring holiday

was held in honor of the god Lupercus, protector of the herd and crops. The people entreated

   to Lupercus to protect their flocks and keep animals and people healthy and fertile thru 

  singing and dancing. On the eve of this festival, young women would put their names in a 

 ceramic jar and every young man would pick a name. They would be partners in the festivities

   and dances, oft times they would not need to participate in this particular event the next

                                  year.

      Christian legends believe that Valentine's Day is the Feast of St. Valentine, who

   was beheaded on February 14th under the orders of Roman Emperor Claudius II. The
                                Emperor

   believed that if his men remained single his army would be larger. He wouldn't lose men

  to wanting to stay home with the family. Valentine was arrested and beheaded because he

   would secretly marry people forbidden to wed. He became known as the patron saint of
                                 lovers.

     Believing that Valentine's Day exists to celebrate the memory of a saint who valued

love and romance, many exchange love notes or Valentines. Others believe that Valentine was

  later confused with the Norman French word 'galantin' meaning "lover of women". Through
                                   the

  passage of time, the two have merged with the result of St. Valentine being remembered as
                                   the

                            patron saint of lovers.


Cupid

           Cupid has always played a role in the celebrations of
           love and lovers. He is known as a mischievous, winged
           child, whose arrows who would pierce the hearts of his
           victims causing them to fall deeply in love. In ancient
           Greece he was known as Eros the young son of Aphrodite,
           the goddess of love and beauty. To the Roman's he was
           Cupid, and his mother Venus

               One legend tells the story of  Cupid and the
           mortal maiden, Psyche. Venus was jealous of the beauty of
           Psyche, and ordered Cupid to punish the mortal. But
           instead, Cupid fell deeply in love with her. He took her as
           his wife, but as a mortal she was forbidden to look at him.
           Psyche was happy until her sisters convinced her to look
           at Cupid. Cupid punished her by departing. Their lovely
           castle and gardens vanished with him and Psyche found
           herself alone in an open field

               As she wandered to find her love, she came upon the
           temple of Venus. Wishing to destroy her, the goddess of
           love gave Psyche a series of tasks, each harder and
           dangerous than the last. For her last task Psyche was
           given a little box and told to take it to the underworld. She
           was told to get some of the beauty of Proserpine, the wife
           of Pluto, and put it in the box.  

                      During her trip she was given tips on
           avoiding the dangers of the realm of the dead. And also
           warned not to open the box. Temptation would overcome
           Psyche and she opened the box. But instead of finding
           beauty, she found deadly slumber

               Cupid found her lifeless on the ground. He gathered
           the sleep from her body and put it back in the box. Cupid
           forgave her, as did Venus. The gods, moved by Psyche's
           love for Cupid made her a goddess. 