Subject: SPECIAL NOTICE FOR IBM INTERNET CONNECTION SERVICES CUSTOMERS

Dear IBM Internet Connection Services Customer:

Effective April 1, 1998, customers currently on the IBM Internet Connection
Services Unlimited Plan will automatically be moved to a new Comprehensive 
Plan. The Comprehensive Plan allows up to 100 hours of usage per month for 
a base price with hourly rates thereafter.  If you should exceed 100 hours 
of usage in a given month, there will be an additional charge per extra 
hour added to the base price. 
Please visit http://www.ibm.net/whatsnew/html/feeschedules.html to review 
the Comprehensive Plan fee schedule applicable for your country.

We constantly strive to provide our customers high quality Internet service
and for the second year have received PC World Magazine's Best Buy for 
Internet Service Providers(1).  At the same time, we have a goal of keeping
costs affordable to the majority of our valued customers.  Our research
showed that while only a small percentage of our customers regularly exceed
100 usage hours per month, these customers consume a significant percentage
of our capacity.  The Comprehensive Plan is being implemented in order to
maintain a high quality Internet service while sustaining monthly Internet
service fees that are affordable to the majority of our customers.

We believe that this high quality of service combined with support of 
3COM's x2 technology(2) in over 600 cities worldwide, roaming privileges 
to connect from nearly 1100 POPS in 52 countries and multiple E-mail IDs 
per account makes IBM Internet Connection Services an excellent value to 
our customers.
		
Your prior monthly usage indicates that during the period from October 1997
through December 1997 your account DID NOT exceed 100 hours of usage in any
one of those months.  If your future monthly usage pattern remains below 
100 hours per month, your monthly cost of service will not be affected as a 
result of this plan change(3).  To view a detailed report of your prior 
monthly usage, please go to the IBM Internet Connection Services web site 
at http://www.ibm.net and click on the "Account Center" tab.  You will be 
required to enter your E-mail address and password for authentication. 
Once in the "Account Center", click on the link for "Billing Information". 
You may generate a monthly usage report for up to six months prior to the 
date on which you submit the request.

The plan change will automatically take place on April 1, 1998.  There is 
no need to contact IBM Internet Connection Services or take any action 
unless you want to change your pricing plan.  To select a plan other than 
the Comprehensive Plan, please go to the IBM Internet Connection Services 
web site at http://www.ibm.net and click on the "Account Center" tab. 
You will be required to enter your E-mail address and password for 
authentication. Once in the "Account Center", click on the link for 
"Change Access Plan". If you select a new billing plan, your choice will
take effect on the first day of the following month (i.e., billing change 
made March 25th takes effect April 1st).

For more information and Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs), please go to 
the IBM Internet Connection Services web site at http://www.ibm.net and 
review the "What's New" section.

IBM Internet Connection Services

(1) As ranked in January 1998 and February 1997 issues of PC World 
    Magazine. PC World tested 12 U.S. Internet access providers in such 
    areas as ease of connecting during peak evening hours, delivering and 
    receiving e-mail on time and online help. 
(2) x2 modems are designed to be capable of receiving data at up to 56Kbps 
    from a x2 compatible service provider, and transmitting data at up to 
    33.6Kbps. Public networks currently limit maximum download speeds to 
    about 53Kbps. Actual speeds depend on many factors and are often less 
    than the maximum possible.
(3) Note that prior usage is not necessarily indicative of future usage 
    patterns.
