I recently attended a seminar that was supposed to be for Windows NT
Administration. What it turned out to be was more of a promotional seminar
regarding products from Digital, Microsoft, and Onyx. The Digital
Corporation is getting ready to unleash their new 600MHz Alpha Processor.
They are also planning ahead and according to Digital's statistics they
plan to have CPU's capable of putting out speeds of up to 1.2GHz designed
specifically for integration with Digital UNIX and Microsoft Windows NT
operating systems. In the next release of Windows NT 5.0, Microsoft plans
to add more functionality to remote administration. This will allow
administrators and users to be able to remotely see and interact with or
configure workstations and servers remotely without the need to be
physically at the workstation or server. This will enable administrators
to simplify tasks such as setting up network protocols that you would
otherwise have to configure independently for each workstation. Another
thing is that Microsoft does not add/modify Windows 95 according to what
they want. They want users to provide more feedback reguarding Windows 95
and how to improve it. If users don't provide Microsoft with feedback, the
features don't get implemented. To all those people who ALWAYS COMPLAIN
about Windows 95 and how it sucks. Why don't you submit feedback so that
it dosen't suck in the next release? People just complain and don't do
anything about it. What a bunch of dummies! Don't be a dummy and help the
software products become better based on your feedback. After the seminar,
I submitted a list of things they could improve on for Windows 95/98 that
haven't been implemented yet. Notice that Microsoft is starting to go more
towards enhancing their operating systems with functions that UNIX already
supports. This is a good move because it can help them produce better and
perhaps more reliable products. I use both linux and windows. When I get
sick of the limiting text interface I move to windows. When I feel like I
have the need to type/configure and have fun I go into linux. One other
thing Microsoft has to work on is SECURITY! We all know about this I'm
sure. Netware is even more secure than Windows NT is right now anyday! So
before you go and invest into something that you don't know too much about
even though you think you know, inform yourself. Later people...
