Welcome, to the NOT LONG awaited issue #7. Told you releases would be
coming out quicker now didn't I? We need more writers a.s.a.p. because we
are doing releases every 2-3 weeks. Please join #relativity or email
muaddib@usa.net to signup now, don't miss it! Visit the Scenelink website
at http://www.scenelink.org on the NEWS page and read the article on
Relativity. MuadDib is using our emag's code to make a standard for emags
arise. Courier Weektop Scorecard, The Gamers Edge, Future Scene News, and
Scenelink are the groups currently involved. Each group has to submit their
vga art (GIF 640x480x256), their ansi's (saved .BIN in ACiDDRAW), and their
articles (saved .BIN in ACiDDRAW) to MuadDib so he can organize the
submissions to work with the Relativity Emag Viewer. Emags will be released
on time and releases will take less time to download. Plus, all you need to
view each emag will be the Relativity Emag Viewer. Releases will just
include the art and the articles and people won't have to worry about
compatibility problems. This also makes it easier for groups to get off the
ground quicker. Groups don't have to spend time looking for coders and
waist more time trying to debug and put together a release. Our release
strategy is simple. 1) You submit everything to MuadDib. 2) He puts the
whole release together. 3) People help beta test the release for whichever
emag it may be. 4) The files are then packed and released and the
Relativity Emag Viewer is used to view them. Now that everybody understands
our new strategy for the emag scene, let's make it come alive! Also, all
emag groups have agreed to form an emag channel for the sole purpose of the
emag scene. This channel can be found on efnet in #emags. Now without any
further delay, get ready to rumble with issue #7 of relativity emag!
Remember, the scene is alive because of you so apply now! Also, be sure to
check out our temporary website at www.mirage.org/relativity/ until we get
our own domain at relativity.mirage.org. New issues will be made available
on Scenelink and mirrors. Special thanks to all our sponsors!
